# Paper code
## Efficiency in Real Estate Development: Is Management or Robotics the Key?
### Abstract
This study critically examines the role of Construction Robotics (CR) in enhancing operational efficiency within the Commercial Residential Project (CRP) development in the real estate sector. Our approach integrates the super-efficiency SBM-DEA and Agile Project Management (APM) frameworks to assess the impact of CR on work and operational efficiency in CRP settings. Our empirical investigation covers 107 CRPs in China and thirty of these CRPs used no more than nine typical of robots in site and is used to compare the operational efficiency of the CRPs with or without robot employed. The study applies extracted management capability metrics through UMAP dimension reduction method. Key findings indicate that although CR contribution to improves the work efficiency does not directly translate into heightened operational efficiency, significant gains are evident in specific project stages and management practices. Notably, CR shows lower cost and greater schedule efficiency during the main structure construction stage, while its adoption in the interior finishing stage can indirectly benefit real estate firms. Further, improving the operational efficiency of CRP continues to be positively correlated with effective authority delegation, skilled management, developer involvement, and customer satisfaction with project success, but not strongly correlated with whether CR is applied. For advancements in CRP, a mutually beneficial outcome for both real estate developers and contractors may be attained.
### Doi: 
